Update M365 usage report docs (#3570)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/admin/activity-reports/microsoft-teams-user-activity-preview.md

> You can also export the report data into an Excel .csv file by selecting the **Export** link. This exports data of all users and enables you to do simple sorting and filtering for further analysis. If you have less than 2000 users, you can sort and filter within the table in the report itself. If you have more than 2000 users, in order to filter and sort, you will need to export the data. The exported format for **audio time**, **video time** and **screen share time** follows ISO8601 duration format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also export the report data into an Excel .csv file by selecting the **Export** link. This exports data of all users and enables you to do simple sorting and filtering for further analysis. If you have less than 2000 users, you can sort and filter within the table in the report itself. If you have more than 2000 users, in order to filter and sort, you will need to export the data. The exported format for **audio time**, **video time**, and **screen share time** follows ISO8601 duration format.
```

> To ensure data quality, we perform daily data validation checks for the past 3 days and will be filling any gaps detected. You may notice differences for historical data during the process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure data quality, we perform daily data validation checks for the past three days and will be filling any gaps detected. You may notice differences in historical data during the process.
```
